[OCPBUGS-58314] IBM Z - Change text for network interface name (#95705)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/installation-ibm-z-user-infra-machines-iso.adoc

... The gateway.
... The netmask.
... The machine host and domain name in the form `hostname.domainname`. Omit this value to let {op-system} decide.

> ... The network interface name. If omitted, {op-system} applies the IP configuration to all available interfaces.

Reviewer: I would suggest retaining the previous structure to avoid passive:
```suggestion
... The network interface name. Omit this value to allow {op-system} to apply the IP configuration to all available interfaces.
```
